
# Features required
- Shallow/horizontal tasks. These are tasks whose completion can be done with a simple click or two. For example, checking off or crossing something off a shopping or exercise or planned expenses list, or sorting a list by some field, or looking at how many apples or chin-ups you have left or how much you have left available to spend this month based on your budget and spending so far. Also, you can not count things such as "check an item off your list" and "uncheck an item from your list" as distinct tasks, nor can you count sorting by different fields.
- Moderate tasks. These are tasks that are more vertical, where the user needs to go through several steps in order to complete them, with some type of data/information entry as part of those steps. For example, searching for a recipe based on some entered criteria or for an exercise that will target a certain body part or goal and then looking through the results, or adding a specific expense while also setting the appropriate category, or filtering for all of the entries for a specific type of expense that the user has entered.
- Deep tasks. These are similar to moderate tasks, but where the task is more involved, the user passes through more than one screen, and the data/information entry is more in-depth. For example, adding an item to a shopping list where you have a quantity, a unit of measurement, a description, etc. or adding an exercise to a regimen where you have a name/description, number of sets, number of reps, etc. or adding a new detailed goal, or a new expense/income that needs to go under a new category (new type of expense, new side job?). Again, you cannot count things such as "adding carrots to your list" and "adding apples to your list" as distinct tasks even though we should expect to be able to enter different details as part of an authentic task. 

# How to succeed:
**TLDR: need quality AND quantity of every feature type.**
The supported tasks must span different feature sets within the app. If you are aiming for at least a C-, then you should be building your prototype to support at least a bare minimum of 3 distinct moderate or better tasks and another 2 distinct shallow or better tasks across at least 2 different feature sets. We hope you will be targeting higher for a higher grade, in which case aiming for something such as 7 distinct moderate or better tasks with at least 2 being deep tasks, and another 3 distinct shallow or better tasks, across 3 or 4 feature sets (aiming a bit higher means hopefully having some buffer zone in the end).
